WRO-3110: Fix `enact pack` fails on windows (#276)
enactjs/cli: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

### pack

> * Fixed `html-webpack-plugin` emitting unnecessary file issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `enact pack` fails on windows by excluding unnecessary file emitting from `html-webpack-plugin`.
```
